the machine call please
the enclosure to be energetic
the 5
to see talavera sometimes
He also called Cuba
baroja
house tells that this one is talking about it abergil covering the other
or how much the truncheon ends
I could not believe that they did not spread doubts to the same
hour
I can not believe it
amazing
is growing and incredible projection that in a program 'employs
they took james the guardian
However
forgive maruja and pablo costs that I gave my dad with cell
let's see what happens agreed by what he claimed that the pp tends to merlo
He also reported that of the total
social zacatecas to alleviate the number but I did not give it to me that I have
what to do but that
A shoemaker would remove touch more than half an hour a day for this should
win
but what a barbarity
my life they have put me like this to have them maruja
the Catalan that goes from the dairy carnestolenda season until July of the
magazine but it is already spoken of important way the brief director
and of course
because here maritime and aerial
here I leave here
balta
that 900 criminal
Look when when you are waiting around you will also notice
that were effective
the small print number 5
to see the president and manifest
/ Europe if it had been sung because at this moment the athletic alliance
so that at this stage of the season he does not finish playing
the shocking to play because it's a program that I should have flown in
Peru what I expected
it will have to be paid
when a person is talking you have to run a second
please
let's see marta to the firmament all my respect to that of turning off the phone not
for nothing because I loved it and had a great time playing with you
is because there are many people to play people do not realize I know it is the
same person you give phone that the one you are listening to juan acevedo only
that there is a delay
according to a note
Valencian
no no I'm not the same person and that person who speaks is another
the great dream is another in a gluteus that barbarity agreement north agreement is the
uatre that does not have to have approved
there they are saying here
Tell me what pesos
this year havana
Arequipa remove the entrance to all
in the early hours of the morning
the serve saving the user
this letter because the apple d lot cuca
castedo has been chasing my life every year
that if the same person scares you
look what it's called
baroja
Grieg Baroja
but there are no numbers, we do not reach
baroja
gigi another date
to this
indisputable and all
they will choose their husband
pipo sent me her husband
negamos marujas martínez has reiterated simarro Tuesday
maruja silencio martínez
have
the end of the party and so with this work you take the phone
I do not have I'm single
I'm single, I do not have a husband
let him go he
carrick nani
but all that yes
the grajera
martínez cerrillo
babalucas lane
Juan Martínez Carrillo
baroja
martinez jerry miguel moctezuma north
Experts
olivier maldonado josé martínez jerry
baroja Tuesday
jajajajaja cc oo eye chila of salt and so
in each play each worker
to attack the top and yes
if ikea to be discussed 2
so he arrives
efe ahmadinejad
well I can say a number no
josé mota
nothing to play
good to choose the number to spend them
baroja fit phone
baroja yes
also highlighted the humerus
the v
he stressed ap according to the national agreement for one hundred
is getting better
so far ecuador phone because I have many people to play and we just
remain
minute 2 and 11
the priísta fernando castro javier gándará magaña
ajax
I love europe
the numbers algeria in cape town
hereinafter
I can not believe it
look now and point-blank when this phone judge
therefore fara mouth because qatar is arguing on the wall of
the living room of your house the incredible price
maruja
maruja martínez freddy
s lamy
over here
was talking on the phone
that the one that exposed
I've heard
in TV
live on the phone and through fault
the satellite there is a delay in the emission
it does not seem to me in your case then you
you who think yes
usca join the juve
20th
for your television
is a person who complains that Canaria we like to hear our voice and estimated
that is not ours but ours and it was yours maruja
hundred
sorry for hanging it I'm sorry but we have to continue the
program I hope you have understood it maruja and that next time it costs for
the phone and it removes the volume to the TV
I'm sorry a big kiss